## Hello, welcome to my study blog.

Here, I intend to present the progress of my studies focused on the topics of Information Security and Hacking. I currently work as an Information Security Analyst, with a focus on AppSec.
I hold a degree in Systems Analysis and Development, a postgraduate degree in Offensive Security and Cyber Intelligence, and I am currently pursuing a postgraduate degree in Java Software Architecture.
I have been working with technology since 2006. Throughout my career, I have worked in various areas, such as implementation, support, development, and application security. I have also worked with the administration of corporate servers and networks.
Currently, I work at Matera, with clients in the banking sector, in the DevSecOps team, where I manage security demands - vulnerability management, orchestration of tools within the S-SDLC pipeline, such as SAST, DAST, and SCA - and I support development teams in mitigating vulnerabilities resulting from pentests, as well as in the continuous work of threat modeling.
I am always looking for new ways to learn, and this is a great asset in my daily work, as application security requires constant updates and agile thinking.
I am also Catholic and have been a catechist for adults and teenagers since 2004. I feel that this motivates me to transmit my knowledge in all aspects of life and to always progress.
Send me a chat on LinkedIn[https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnyeramos/] if you would like to contribute with any corrections or suggestions. Here, we are all learning.
